I will teach you how to kill quickly
accurately efficiently physical part
will be easy the difficult part
he's learning how to turn it off
the two men were found half mile from
here
they were killed with a hatchet in a
ritualistic fashion you didn't use a
hatchet he used a knife at this point
we're not sure how many killers don't
work just one well you're saying that
one guy with a knife killed those two
hunters yeah his name is Aaron Hale
sergeant first class what's your
relationship to help I trained to turn
into survived I trained him to kill most
the people he killed never knew he was
in the same room with him
Helms battle stress has become so deep
it is a part of his personality and it's
impossible to reverse that maybe what he
is not gonna stop
before Bravo six I'm at the girlfriends
residence we're looking for a man named
Aaron Hallam miss Kravitz is he still
here
what does they're done we gotta leave
here you're in danger why am I in danger
they'll come here and burn this house
down get on the floor now if you cross
this line you better be ready to kill me
listen now
number two we have an agent down you
better decide now it's an acceptable
bodykit that's what you're gonna get if
you get these guys declare war oh my god